Hello and welcome back.
We have another challenge for you.
This is gonna be the proxy challenge it's will test your understanding the proxy design pattern it's
gonna be a very simple real life scenario which is actually the Internet from some some some place where
you're not you don't have access to all the sites.
So for example like a library when you go to a library and try to access the Internet they're going
to restrict some access to some sites obviously sites that they don't think you shouldn't have access
to in a library and a public place and so they'll typically use a proxy for that they'll use the proxy
to restrict the access which is the main purpose of the proxy as well as increasing performance as you
mentioned the proxy will first check the host you're connecting to if it is not part of a restricted
site list then it connects to the real Internet.
So the subject here will be the real Internet and the proxy will determine whether or not you can connect
to the real Internet.
So you need to create a subject class that contains a method to connect to the Internet.
It will take a string representing the hostname it will throw an exception if the host name is restricted.
You need to create the real subject class which does the actual work it actually connects to the Internet.
Now we don't have any logic to connect to the internet so you can just hard code it sum up at the says
connected to the Internet.
You need to create the proxy class remember the proxy class is going to control the access so it's going
to have a has a relationship with the real subject some reference to it.
It's going to also contain a list of the restricted sites because it's going to need to search those
restricted sites before it can allow access.
So if the host you're trying to connect to is a banned site then it's going to throw an exception.
Otherwise we'll connect to the Internet
and then you need to create the client the client is going to use that proxy to try to connect to legitimate
sites to very straightforward implementation example mentioned it's similar to the decorator except
that it has different purposes right.
It controls access to an object as opposed to adding additional fund functionality to an object.
Some sample output for example.
I'm trying to connect to a particularly site.
You could say I'm connecting to it.
Otherwise connect to something on the restricted site list will say access tonight.
OK.
So this is straightforward.
I'll provide a solution on how to implement this in the next lecture.
Thank you.